Initial page review

    Vision for the site is for new people (such as people that have never been to the church or people that are new believers) to have a resource to go to. 
        What you should see is something for meet the pastoral staff. Church location, service times. 

            Looking for: 
            Things that don't make sense. 

            Notes:
            Desktop - 
            I am viewing the website on the Opera GX browser (Chromium varient). This is a little imortant because different browsers interpret the page code a
            little differently. 
            
            From a desktop perspective the website is pretty good as is. Information for new people is pretty well organized and easy to find in categories that 
                make sense. 

                Observations: 
                
                Mainpage: 
                Does the "Loving God. Loving People. Together." Banner change? Reasoning is that it has the Service times and then the service times are repeated 
                Just a little farther down the page. Not nessicarily a bad thing just more realestate being taken up. 

                    Suggestion - If the site were mine and my target was to get information into the hands of new believers as fast as possible I would put the link for "I'm New" out
                    on the first layer of the navigation bar. That way I as a new believer want to know what to do next I hit the website and one of the first things
                    I see is "I'm New" and I click on it.

                    If the site were mine and my target was to get information into the hands of new believers as fast as possible I would put the link for "I'm New" out
                    on the first layer of the navigation bar. That way I as a new believer want to know what to do next I hit the website and one of the first things
                    I see is "I'm New" and I click on it. 

                Staff page: 
                The Email link for Pastor Steve does not actually take you anywhere. There is a link for his email on the main page that works so not sure if this is on purpose
                or not.  

                    Suggestion - My recommendation would be that if it is on purpose that you remove the little mail icon from his bio on the staff page otherwise it just looks like it is a dead link.

                Family Ministry Page: 
                The categories on this page do not match up to their drop down counterparts leading to some confusion (at least on my part) as to which link corisponds to which page I want. 
                There are really only two. One is the Elementary category link takes me to the kids page and the second one is Tweens & Teens which takes you to the youth page

                    Suggestion - Either Rename the Dropdown to match to the categories on the family ministry page or rename the categories on the family ministry page to match the 
                    ones in the drop down. This is probably a Nit pick but I would also suggest changing the page title to "Ages & Stages" like in the Navigation bar or changing the Name of
                    the drop down menu in the navigation bar to "Family Ministry" it is not a show stopper but it is something that I noticed as soon as the page popped up.

                Nursery & Preschool Page:
                At the bottom there is a section that says "Hi, I'm Malia!" and it seems like there should be a picture there. 

                    Suggestion - I would suggest that a picture of Malia was posted here primarily so that the parents can put a face with the name prior to meeting her. Her picture
                    is in other places such as the kids page so I am assuming this is really an oversight. 

                Giving & Serving Page: 
                I was expecting to have a link on this page that took me to the Missions & Outreach page like its drop down counterpart does and there was not. Instead I got a link to a
                form for serving that I had no idea even existed unless I accidentally clicked into this page (which I did). 

                    Suggestion - I would suggest that you add a link to this page that would take you to the Missions & Outreach page and also add a link to the Serving & Giving drop down menu 
                    that takes you to the form for serving so it is not hidden. One other thing and this is probably a nit pick but the title of this page like the Family Ministry page is not
                    the same though in this case it is just that the words are transposed. Again not a show stopper just something that I noticed as soon as the page popped up. 

                Quick Links: 
                Every one of the quick links opens a new tab on the browser is this by design? Bug or feature?
                The Sermon Archive just opens a new tab on the browser and takes you to the alfc.us main page. Is this a place holder?
                 

            Mobile - From the perspective the site sizes down really well in my opinion. I am viewing it on a Samsung Flip 7 so it is thin width wise but tall. You would have to take a look at 
                     it on various phones / Tablets to see how it does on various devices. 
